Refine setup and configuration docs (#2082)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/iis-instrumentation.md

# Instrument an ASP.NET application deployed on IIS

## Setup

Use the `OpenTelemetry.DotNet.Auto.psm1"` PowerShell module

> to setup automatic instrumentation for IIS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to set up automatic instrumentation for IIS:
```

  </location>
```

## Configuration

> Remember to restart IIS after making configuration changes.
> You can do it by executing `iisreset.exe`.

For ASP.NET application you can configure the most common `OTEL_` settings
(like `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME`) via `appSettings` in `Web.config`.

For ASP.NET Core application you can use
the [`<environmentVariable>`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/iis/web-config#set-environment-variables)
elements inside the `<aspNetCore>` block of your `Web.config` file
to set configuration via environment variables.

### Advanced configuration

You can add the [`<environmentVariables>`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/configuration/system.applicationhost/applicationpools/add/environmentvariables/)
in `applicationHost.config`
to set environment variables for given application pools.

> For IIS versions older than 10.0, you can consider creating a distinct user,
  set its environment variables
  and use it as the application pool user.

> You can consider setting common environment variables,
> for all application deployed to IIS
> by setting the environment variables for
> `W3SVC` and `WAS` Windows Services as described in [windows-service-instrumentation.md](windows-service-instrumentation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider setting common environment variables,
for all applications deployed to IIS
by setting the environment variables for
`W3SVC` and `WAS` Windows Services as described in [windows-service-instrumentation.md](windows-service-instrumentation.md).
```
